All right, so next, let's continue here and add the rest.
OK, so after a spacer, we are going to add the description.
Now the description here, if you go, let's go back to our source here, description can be a very
long amount of test text, right?
So what do we need to do is we need to get what we need to make sure that this is inside of a scrollable
view per say, used one four many times, which is the lazy column, so we can use that as a lazy column.
Go ahead.
Let's add a modifier here.
My fire pattern is pretty deep.
All around, I think that's OK.
And then inside and I say, item, just use that lamp right there.
So here again, say text and pass the text, which is going to be the.
Book data, uh, description like this.
OK, let's go ahead and run and just see how things will look.
OK, there we go.
I can see it scrollable.
And life is great, but it's not that great.
No one, you can see that we have these HD metal tags because some of these text come.
Some of this text is being probably passed or scraped from websites.
OK, so we do have that HTML tag those estimable tags there, so we want to clean that up.
Luckily, we do have a way to do so.
So right inside here, let me go ahead and create.
Actually, I would say I would say Val called this clean description.
OK, so what I'm going to do, I'm going to use a call.
HTML compact like this is from Android X core text.
And when you invoke this from HTML in passing to source what is the source can to be book data.
That description, as such, let's say, to string, it looks like we need to pass something there,
just don't wrap that in.
Get rid of that, OK, and then I'm going to pass.
And then here I'm going to pass the flags.
What's that about flags?
Well, I'm going to say HTML compact, say, from mill mode legacy like this and say to string.
OK, so now I can use that clean.
Text inside here, if I run this, you will see that we no longer will see all of these Ishmael tags.
So got a lot of text?
That's wonderful.
But you're not going to be able to see all those tags anymore in any of these.
Let's go ahead.
And this one.
No more tags.
Very good.
All right.
But this looks nothing like what we have here.
So we want to create this little structure here so that we have the scrollable controlled in one place.
So what are we going to do?
Our lazy column here is actually going to be inside the surface.
So I'm going to come here and say, surface, whoops.
Not there outside.
Actually, this could be inside, too.
Well, I'm going to say surface, and let's pass a few things here, modifier, and I'm going to give
it a height.
Now, this height has to be a little bit different.
Looks like I have a different modifier here.
Let's say modifier gold padding, so we get the correct one.
OK?
Pass a height.
So the height we're going to pass here is going to be a little bit different in that we are going to
get the height from our resources display metrics because we want to control this height.
I slide here, I'm going to zero several local dams and I'm going to say local context.
OK.
To get a contest, go to current in court resources, which will know exactly the size of our screen,
all the dimensions.
Right.
And then we see that display metrics.
OK, so then here what I'm going to pass is going to be local dams that height in pixels get a deep
right the unit.
And then I'm going to say multiply that by a multiplier was going to be zero point zero nine.
So I'm going to make it small that way.
This will grow to size depending on the screen size of the device.
There we go.
I had to add the f four float.
OK, there we go.
So that should be good.
I'm going to also say dot padding of about four dpi going to add a shape around it.
Uh, make it this rectangle or right rectangle shape such that I'm going to add a border border stroke
width is going to be about one dpi.
Give a color.
Got a great it's fine.
OK.
Should be good.
OK, so then all of this, I'm going to add, put it all inside there.
OK, let's run this and see.
OK.
OK, looks much better right now.
There's something about this category, I think, I think what I will do for all categories, I may
pass also overflow here.
I'm going to say.
Overflow.
Ellipses and for that to work, of course, we need to pass the max lines for, say, Max.
Give me about three.
OK, I think that's going to help.
Let's run.
Let's go check.
OK.
It looks much better like that, so that we don't have all of that stuff.
All right.
Very good.
So what do you do next is add these two buttons I save and cancel.
Now you may think, Well, how am I going to create a buttons like this?
Well, it's very simple because we've already done this.
OK, so think back to when we were creating this structure here that we have in the beginning right
here.
Remember this?
Yes, that's exactly the same thing.
All right.
Go ahead and do that, and I'll see you next.